Update React Router version from V5 to V6 (#5594)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-react/docs/performance.md

Each router has their own method for doing client-side navigation and depending on how they expose the method you may need to refactor your application to support this feature. The example below will show how to implement this for `react-router-dom`. You can find a full sample apps that implement this for [react-router-dom](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/samples/msal-react-samples/react-router-sample), [Next.js](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/samples/msal-react-samples/nextjs-sample) and [Gatsby](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/tree/dev/samples/msal-react-samples/gatsby-sample).

> > :information_source: This implantation uses react-router-dom version 6. If you're using react-router-dom version 5, please refer to the following: [implantation with react-router-dom version 5](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/commit/3fe4e2e99270ad232ad1658aba83282e736cf97d#diff-a00cbe1eef40bb0fd03beb35a8e1b5580316b39187d4e96c826508ccca1b0b16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :information_source: Samples mentioned above make use of `react-router-dom` v6. If you would like to use `react-router-dom` v5 instead, please refer to: [react-router-sample](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/cf3dc599adc36d1c4460bcf7d8185c9beb5283f3/samples/msal-react-samples/react-router-sample/src/App.js).
```

 * If you would like to overwrite both you can implement INavigationClient directly instead
 */
class CustomNavigationClient extends NavigationClient{

>     constructor(navigate) {

Reviewer 2: Could you specify somewhere that this code snippet represents react-router v6 usage and perhaps link to the old commit for the v5 implementation?

Author: Updated.
